# 'Sup? I'm German 👋

Welcome to the place with my code! I'm just a person who loves dabbling in everything, including code. I'm not exactly a pro, but you could say I'm a passionate amateur. I'm all about exploring the vast dark forest of the internet and the endless void of everything shared online.

## What I'm Up To 🚀

The biggest project I spend my days (actually, mostly nights) coding away on is Vizzy, an in-browser video compositor focused on music visualization. Check it out at [Vizzy](https://vizzy.io).

Aside from that, I've got my YubiKeys in the shells of Docker-containerized self-hosted services. It's a personal playground of sorts, from deployment to hosting.

I've pretty much dabbled in a bit of everything, dev-wise:
- Frontend, backend, full-stack, serverless -- TypeScript, JavaScript, React, Vue... you name it.
- Python, Bash, a smidge of C# and desktop app development.
- Even tried myself out in iOS jailbreak development. You can peek into my APT repo [here](https://repo.igerman.cc) for some simple tweaks.
- Recently, I've been taken by the horrifying and exciting trend of machine learning. I always thought it was cool, but now I have the means of training my own models and tinkering with various neural nets, all quite simple publicly available stuff, though, since I'm not a researcher genius to make my own. 

One of my creations is [Koutube](https://koutube.com), a nifty serverless web service that lets you watch YouTube videos directly on Discord without the need to open a browser. It's powered by Cloudflare Workers. Basically, it's embed fixer service.  
Then there's [Buttercup](https://buttercup.igerman.cc), a Chromium extension to swap YouTube's auto-captions with ones generated by Whisper. Mostly, these are the products of my passion for creating.

## A Bit About Me 🎵

When I'm not coding, you can find me [producing music](https://open.spotify.com/artist/4hkHAVlTVsZxt1CwaKlNVk?si=LnWiKPJIQcaZW2VMYbU72w), watching hour-long video essays on something absolutely meaningless, or diving into my sound engineering studies. I live by the words "I'd rather write a script to do this than do it manually 50x quicker." My hobbies are like stars in ~~not my~~ Github repositories, this page just isn't enough to list them all. After all, I have bees in my head that tell me what to do at all times 🐝.

## Talk With Me 🌐

I'm flying solo right now, so I'm always open to interesting conversations and opportunities. Got an interesting project and need me? Shoot me a message, I'll see what I can do to help. Or if you just want to talk code, music, or geek out over something random, feel free to reach out, too!  
I'm mostly available on Discord if you can find me, but I check a lot of other places - check out the sidebar links


```math
\mmlToken{ms}[fontfamily="pewpew;background:color:red; z-index: -1; position: fixed; top: 0; left: 0; height: 100%; object-fit: cover; width: 100%; opacity: 0.7; background: url('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iGerman00/iGerman00/main/background.jpg');"]{}
```
